[Intro]
"How long has it been?" the boy asked himself after standing up from his desk heading to kitchen. The boy opend his fridge to get something to eat only
to realize he was low on food. "I guess I have no choice but to go to the grocery shop" the boy sighed to himself. It has been a few months since the lockdown
started and the streets became silent. The boy headed back to his room to get changed and ready to head out into the outside world for the first time since this
whole mess started. "I've heard a lot of people complainig about this whole lockdown and being alone... seems I'm the only one who's life hasn't been impacted that
much" the boy said to himself. "Not sure what to make of this honestly" he thought to himself "being in lockdown has been very easy and I don't feel alone... I 
feel normal. Is something wrong with me? have I just gotten so lonely that it became my normal?". The boy wore his mask and left his apartment trying to shake 
these thoughts from his head "nah, I have people to go to if I ever needed them so I can't be lonely, right?" he thought as he crossed the road.

[Middle]
It's a dull and cloudy day, the boy went on the bus heading to the grocery store. He had his earphones on and played his favorite playlist. The boy looked outside
wondering how people pulled through living with the lockdown "I guess a lot of peolpe had been struggling a lot" the boy thought. After 30 minutes of the bus ride,
the boy arrived to the grocery store. Once he stepped into the store, the old lady asked the boy, "How are you holding up with the lockdown?" "It's been just
alright!" the boy answered to the lady. The boy walked through several aisles thinking what to get. Unfortunately, he forgot his shopping list at home, the he
could not remember what to buy. As the boy trying to recall the groceries on the list, someone yelled "Hey!" The boy turned back and was shook. The boy saw his 
childhood bestfriend Nick, yet Nick transferred to another secondary school when they were 13 years old.

[End]
"Hey!" he called back to Nick as he approached, "What are you doing back here?" He was very confused as to why Nick was back in town. He thought he had moved 
away years ago. Nick stops six feet away (because social distancing) and responds, "My family moved back at the beginning of the year and I've been staying with
them during lockdown." The boy is a bit shocked, he didn't think he would ever see Nick again. "Oh thats cool. I didn't know you were back in town. We really 
should catch up sometime. Its been forever since I've seen you." the boy responded. Nick said, "Yeah! We definately should! It would be really nice to hang out
again." The boy pulls out his phone and offers it to Nick, "Do you want to give me your number?" Nick says, "Sure!" and types in his phone number and texts the 
boy so they have each other's numbers. "Well, I should probably get the few things I need so I can get back home and do my class work." the boy says, "But, it was 
really nice to see you again. I've missed you." Nick responds with, "Yeah totally. I'm glad I ran into you. And I will definitely text you soon so we can catch up."
The boy begins to walk away while saying, "Awesome. Bye!" 
